Adding deny all rule to Azure Bastion nsg (#455)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: infra-as-code/bicep/modules/hubNetworking/generateddocs/hubNetworking.bicep.md

parExpressRouteGatewayConfig | No       | Configuration for ExpressRoute virtual network gateway to be deployed. If a ExpressRoute virtual network gateway is not desired an empty object should be used as the input parameter in the parameter file, i.e. "parExpressRouteGatewayConfig": {   "value": {} }
parTags        | No       | Tags you would like to be applied to all resources in this module.
parTelemetryOptOut | No       | Set Parameter to true to Opt-out of deployment telemetry.

> parBastionOutboundSshRDPPort | No       | Define outbound destination ports or ranges for SshRDPOutbound. Default:[22,3389]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parBastionOutboundSshRdpPorts | No       | Define outbound destination ports or ranges for SSH or RDP that you want to access from Azure Bastion
```

- Default value: `False`

### parBastionOutboundSshRDPPort

![Parameter Setting](https://img.shields.io/badge/parameter-optional-green?style=flat-square)

> Define outbound destination ports or ranges for SshRDPOutbound. Default:[22,3389]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define outbound destination ports or ranges for SSH or RDP that you want to access from Azure Bastion
```

        },
        "parTelemetryOptOut": {
            "value": false
        },

>         "parBastionOutboundSshRDPPort": {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "parBastionOutboundSshRdpPorts": {
```
